One of the exciting parts of pregnancy
is understanding how your baby
is developing and growing.
A spinal cord develops about
two weeks after sperm
fertilizes an egg.
The baby’s head and body develop
after six weeks of pregnancy.
The heart, eyes, brain, mouth,
inner ears, and digestive system
begin to form.
There are tiny buds that will
become arms and legs.
During the second month,
development is very rapid
as all of your baby’s major
body organs and body systems,
including the lungs, liver
and stomach start to develop.
The ears and eyelids form.
Ankles, toes, wrists,
fingers, and sexual organs develop.
At the end of the second month
your baby looks like a
miniature human infant
a little over an inch long,
or three centimeters long,
and weighing less than one ounce
or 28 grams.